com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/UserFollowRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.UserFollowRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/IFollowingService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.IFollowingService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/StatusResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.StatusResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/net/TweeterRemoteException.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.net.TweeterRemoteException
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/domain/AuthToken.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.domain.AuthToken
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/FollowCountResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.FollowCountResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/ILoginService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.ILoginService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/PostStatusRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.PostStatusRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/UserFollowResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.UserFollowResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/LogoutRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.LogoutRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/PagedResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.PagedResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/IProfileService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.IProfileService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/LoginRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.LoginRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/GetUserResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.GetUserResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/FollowResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.FollowResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/IStatusService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.IStatusService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/ILogoutService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.ILogoutService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/GetUserRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.GetUserRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/domain/Status.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.domain.Status
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/domain/User.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.domain.User
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/IMainService.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.IMainService
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/StatusRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.StatusRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/Response.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.Response
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/response/LoginResponse.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.response.LoginResponse
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/FollowCountRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.FollowCountRequest
com/example/shared/src/main/java/edu/byu/cs/tweeter/model/service/request/FollowRequest.java
 com.example.shared.src.main.java.edu.byu.cs.tweeter.model.service.request.FollowRequest
